It's important to unit test every meaningful method inside of the service class.
The methods inside of the service class contain business logic, and business logic is very vulnerable
to bugs.
It's irresponsible to add any more business logic without unit testing first.
Because unit tests will make sure that you never get any bugs.
In this lesson, you will set up a class that can unit test grade service.
So let's go through the process.
First, you're going to create a class called Grade Service Test.
This class is going to unit test every meaningful method inside of grade service.
So in our code, what I want you to do is go to source slash test and inside of the great submission
folder, create a new file called Grade Service.
So the same name as the class that we want to test, followed by the test suffix java.
Well right now run with runs every unit test inside of grade service test using the Marketo unit runner.
A class that can run tests is called a runner class.
So what we have to do is make this class into a runner class and we can do that using the run with annotation.
And I seem to have forgotten something.
And the thing that I'm forgetting is that a run with is provided by the J unit dependency.
So we can go and look up J Unit.
Pendency.
Go to the Central Maven repository.
Grab it.
Copy and paste it into your project.
All right.
Ideally, the change in this build file should synchronize.
So let's see if I can access the run with annotation.
There you go.
Cool.
And we will run this test class using the mosquito.
J Unit Runner.
Step three is to use mock to create a mock of grade repository.
A mock can mimic the behavior of greater repository while having no logic of its own.
Now there's a difference between starting up an entire spring boot application, which scans for components
configures the spring container registers beans as opposed to just running a single test class.
The service class that we need to test relies on a repository dependency.
But when you're testing the repository, bean doesn't exist.
But we still need to auto wire this variable to something.
Otherwise it's going to be null.
So what we're going to do is create a mock of the repository using the mock annotation.
This mark will mimic the great repository dependency while having no logic of its own.
Yet we still need to inject this mark into the great repository variable.
How do we do it?
Inject marks, creates an object and injects the MOC into it.
In this case, inject marks creates an object out of the class that you want to test.
It also injects the greater repository mark into the great service object.
So in your code, what I'm going to do is define a great service variable private, great service.
Great service.
And then I'm going to annotate it with inject marks.
Inject marks is going to create an object of the great service class and it's going to inject the repository
mark into it.
In this lesson, you set up a class that can use to test the grade service you run with runs every unit
test inside of the runner class.
Right now we don't have any unit tests.
The runner class has no mechanism for scanning components and creating beans, so the repository being
for grade service doesn't exist in inject mocks.
What we're doing is we're creating a great service object and it auto wires the greater repository mark
into a variable that would otherwise be null.
And the mock can mimic the behavior of a dependency without having any logic of its own.
This allows you to test grade service in complete isolation as you control exactly what the mock can
or can't return.